writing/reflection.md, before:

# Intersection Algorithms

## Add Your Name Here

## Program Output With Profiling, use eight fenced code blocks.

TODO: Do not run the program with the `--display` option when conducting
experiments!

### Two outputs from running the `ListSingle` algorithm with different inputs.

TODO: Summary of the runs for the ListSingle algorithm:
Run 1: ListSingle with a small input
Run 2: ListSingle with a large input

### Two outputs from running the `ListDouble` algorithm with different inputs.

TODO: Summary of the runs for the ListDouble algorithm:
Run 1: ListDouble with a small input
Run 2: ListDouble with a large input
please use the same "small" and "large" inputs as above

### Two outputs from running the `TupleSingle` algorithm with different inputs.

TODO: Summary of the runs for the TupleSingle algorithm:
Run 1: TupleSingle with a small input
Run 2: TupleSingle with a large input
please use the same "small" and "large" inputs as above

### Two outputs from running the `TupleDouble` algorithm with different inputs.

TODO: Summary of the runs for the ListDouble algorithm:
Run 1: ListDouble with a small input
Run 2: ListDouble with a large input
please use the same "small" and "large" inputs as above

### Justification of your choice for the `numelems` and `maximum` variables.

TODO: Document and justify your choice for the `numelems` and `maximum` variables.

## Performance Analysis.

TODO: Provide three paragraphs that explain which algorithm is fastest, by how
much it is faster*** compute it!
and how you knew that the it was faster, referencing the data
in the aforementioned command outputs to support your response. You should make
sure that you answer the following research questions (RQs):

- RQ: Is intersection faster with a list or a tuple?
- RQ: Is intersection faster with a double-for-loop or a single-for-loop?
- RQ: Overall, what is the fastest approach for computing the intersection?

TODO: Make sure that your responses explain WHY certain algorithms are faster!
TODO: It is not sufficient to only explain WHICH algorithm is faster!

## Source Code.

### Describe in detail how the completed source code works.

#### A class that defines the four algorithmic options for running the experiment.

TODO: Use a fenced code block to provide the requested source code
TODO: Write at least one paragraph to explain the request source code

#### A function signature that defines the command-line interface for `intersection`.

TODO: Use a fenced code block to provide the requested source code
TODO: Write at least one paragraph to explain the request source code
TODO: Explain each of the command-line arguments for this program

#### A function that can generate a data container with random values in it.

TODO: Use a fenced code block to provide the requested source code
TODO: Write at least one paragraph to explain the request source code
TODO: Explain each line of source code in this function

## Professional Reflection

### In the context of Python programming, what are your greatest strengths and weaknesses?

TODO: Provide a one-paragraph response that answers this question in your own words.

### In the context of running performance experiments, what are your greatest strengths and weaknesses?

TODO: Provide a one-paragraph response that answers this question in your own words.

### What is one challenge you faced when completing this assignment and how did you overcome it?

TODO: Provide a one-paragraph response that answers this question in your own words.

### Give an example of a truth that you once thought was simple, but that now you think is more complex and nuanced than you realized. Use your example to explain why the deep investigation of computer program performance is essential for proactive programmers.

TODO: Provide a one-paragraph response that answers this question in your own words.

Commit message:

Add data table to reflection.md

writing/reflection.md, after:

# Intersection Algorithms

## Add Your Name Here

## Program Output With Profiling, use eight fenced code blocks.

TODO: Do not run the program with the `--display` option when conducting
experiments!

### Two outputs from running the `ListSingle` algorithm with different inputs.

TODO: Summary of the runs for the ListSingle algorithm:
Run 1: ListSingle with a small input
Run 2: ListSingle with a large input

### Two outputs from running the `ListDouble` algorithm with different inputs.

TODO: Summary of the runs for the ListDouble algorithm:
Run 1: ListDouble with a small input
Run 2: ListDouble with a large input
please use the same "small" and "large" inputs as above

### Two outputs from running the `TupleSingle` algorithm with different inputs.

TODO: Summary of the runs for the TupleSingle algorithm:
Run 1: TupleSingle with a small input
Run 2: TupleSingle with a large input
please use the same "small" and "large" inputs as above

### Two outputs from running the `TupleDouble` algorithm with different inputs.

TODO: Summary of the runs for the ListDouble algorithm:
Run 1: ListDouble with a small input
Run 2: ListDouble with a large input
please use the same "small" and "large" inputs as above

### Justification of your choice for the `numelems` and `maximum` variables.

TODO: Document and justify your choice for the `numelems` and `maximum` variables.

## Performance Analysis.

TODO: Fill in the table in markdown to summarize the profile timing data.
For a valid empirical comparison, you must have at least one row below with
complete data.

| numelems | maximum | approach ls | approach ld | approach ts | approach td |
|----------|---------|-------------|-------------|-------------|-------------|

TODO: Provide three paragraphs that explain which algorithm is fastest, by how
much it is faster*** compute it!
and how you knew that the it was faster, referencing the data
in the aforementioned command outputs / data table to support your response.
You should make sure that you answer the following research questions (RQs):

- RQ: Is intersection faster with a list or a tuple?
- RQ: Is intersection faster with a double-for-loop or a single-for-loop?
- RQ: Overall, what is the fastest approach for computing the intersection?

TODO: Make sure that your responses explain WHY certain algorithms are faster!
TODO: It is not sufficient to only explain WHICH algorithm is faster!

## Source Code.

### Describe in detail how the completed source code works.

#### A class that defines the four algorithmic options for running the experiment.

TODO: Use a fenced code block to provide the requested source code
TODO: Write at least one paragraph to explain the request source code

#### A function signature that defines the command-line interface for `intersection`.

TODO: Use a fenced code block to provide the requested source code
TODO: Write at least one paragraph to explain the request source code
TODO: Explain each of the command-line arguments for this program

#### A function that can generate a data container with random values in it.

TODO: Use a fenced code block to provide the requested source code
TODO: Write at least one paragraph to explain the request source code
TODO: Explain each line of source code in this function

## Professional Reflection

### In the context of Python programming, what are your greatest strengths and weaknesses?

TODO: Provide a one-paragraph response that answers this question in your own words.

### In the context of running performance experiments, what are your greatest strengths and weaknesses?

TODO: Provide a one-paragraph response that answers this question in your own words.

### What is one challenge you faced when completing this assignment and how did you overcome it?

TODO: Provide a one-paragraph response that answers this question in your own words.

### Give an example of a truth that you once thought was simple, but that now you think is more complex and nuanced than you realized. Use your example to explain why the deep investigation of computer program performance is essential for proactive programmers.

TODO: Provide a one-paragraph response that answers this question in your own words.
